1. jar vs war vs ear
--------------------
    jar (Java archive): It contains a group of .class files.
    war (web archive): A war file represents one web application which contains servlets, jsps, html pages, js, css, xml
    etc. The main advantage of maintaining web application in the from war file is project deployment, project, delivery
    and project transportation will become easy.
    ear (Enterprise archive): An ear file represents one enterprise application, which contains servlets, jsps, ejbs,
    jms components etc

    note: in general EAR file represents a group of WAR files and JAR files.

webapplication vs enterprise application
----------------------------------------
webapplication: a webapplication can be developed by only web related technologies. like servlets, jsps, htmls, js, css,
xml etc. example: online library management system, online shopping cart.

am enterprice application can be developed by technology from java j2ee like servlet, jsps, ejbs, jms
example: banking application, telecom based project

note: j2EE/JEE compatible application is enterprise application.

webserver vs application server
-------------------------------
webserver provides environment to run web application. it supports only web related technologies like servelets, jsps,
html etc. example: tomcat

application server provides environment to run enterprise application. it supports any technology from java j2EE/JEE
like servlets, jsps, EJB, JMS components etc. example: weblogic, websphere, jBoss etc.

note: every application sever contains in-built webserver to provide support for web related technologies.


we can a java program in the following ways:
1. from command prompt we can run .class with java command. i.e. java jarDemo
2. from command prompt we can run .jar file with java command. i.e. java -jar demo.jar
3. By double clicking a jar file
4. by double clicking a batch file

Batch file:
A batch file contains a group of commands. whenever we double-click a batch file, all commands will be executed one by one
in the sequence. i.e. runDemoJar.bat

Difference between path and classpath
-------------------------------------
classpath: classpath describes the location where required .class files are available.
    java compiler and jvm will use classpath to locate required class files. if we are not setting class paths then
    our program may not compile and may not run.

path: path describes the location where required binary executables are available. if we are not setting path then
    javac and java command won't work.
    i.e. set path=C:\Program Files\Java\jdk1.6.0_11\bin

Difference between JDK, JRE and JVM
-----------------------------------
JDK: jdk provides environment to develop and run java applications.
JRE: jre provides environment to run java application.
JVM: jvm is responsible to run java program line by line. Hence, it is an interpreter.

jdk = jre + development tools
jre = jvm + library classes

java vs javaw vs javaws
-----------------------
java: we can use java command to run a java class file where sout will be executed and corresponding will be displayed
    to the console. this is java command.

javaw (java without console output) : we can use javaw command to run a java class file where sout will be executed
    but the corresponding output won't be displayed to the console. in general we can use javaw command to run gui
    based application.

javaws (java web start utility) : we can use javaws to download a java application from the web and to start its
    execution. we can use javaws command as follows.
    i.e. javaws jnlp_url
    it downloads the application from the specified url and starts execution.
    the main advantage of this approach is every end user will get updated version and enhancement will become easy
    because of centralized control.